Feature/update eip 6366 (#10)
orochi-network/EIPs: EIPS/eip-6366.md

### Core Interface

> Compliant contracts MUST implement `IEIP6366Core`. It is RECOMMENDED to define each permission as a power of `2` so that we can check for the relationship between sets of permissions using [eip-6617](./eip-6617.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compliant contracts MUST implement `IEIP6366Core`.

It is RECOMMENDED to define each permission as a power of `2` so that we can check for the relationship between sets of permissions using [eip-6617](./eip-6617.md).
```

```solidity
interface IEIP6366Core {
  /**
   * MUST trigger when `_permission` are transferred, including `zero` permission transfers.
   * @param _from Permission owner

>    * @param _to Receiver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * @param _to Permission receiver
```

>    * @param _permission Subset permission of permission owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * @param _permission Transferred subset permission of permission owner
```

   */
  event Transfer(address indexed _from, address indexed _to, uint256 indexed _permission);

  /**
   * MUST trigger on any successful call to `approve(address _delegatee, uint256 _permission)`.
   * @param _owner Permission owner
   * @param _delegatee Delegatee

>    * @param _permission Subset permission of permission owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * @param _permission Approved subset permission of permission owner
```

   */
  event Approval(address indexed _owner, address indexed _delegatee, uint256 _permission);

  /**
   * Transfers a subset `_permission` of permission to address `_to`.
   * The function SHOULD revert if the message caller’s account permission does not have the subset
   * of the transferring permissions. The function SHOULD revert if any of transferring permissions are
   * existing on target `_to` address.
   * @param _to Receiver
   * @param _permission Subset permission of permission owner
   */
  function transfer(address _to, uint256 _permission) external returns (bool success);

  /**
   * Allows `_delegatee` to act for the permission owner's behalf, up to the `_permission`.
   * If this function is called again it overwrites the current granted with `_permission`.
   * `approve()` method SHOULD `revert` if granting `_permission` permission is not
   * a subset of all available permission of permission owner.
   * @param _delegatee Delegatee
   * @param _permission Subset permission of permission owner
   */
  function approve(address _delegatee, uint256 _permission) external returns (bool success);

  /**

>    * Returns the account's permissions of the given `_owner` address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Returns the permissions of the given `_owner` address.
```

   */
  function permissionOf(address _owner) external view returns (uint256 permission);

  /**
   * Returns `true` if `_required` is a subset of `_permission` otherwise return `false`.
   * @param _permission Checking permission set
   * @param _required Required set of permission
   */
  function permissionRequire(uint256 _permission, uint256 _required) external view returns (bool isPermissioned);

  /**
   * Returns `true` if `_required` permission is a subset of `_actor`'s permissions or a subset of his delegated
   * permission granted by the `_owner`.
   * @param _owner Permission owner

>    * @param _actor Actor is acting for owner's behalf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * @param _actor Actor who acts on behalf of the owner
```

   * @param _required Required set of permission
   */
  function hasPermission(address _owner, address _actor, uint256 _required) external view returns (bool isPermissioned);

  /**
   * Returns the subset permission of the `_owner` address were granted to `_delegatee` address.
   * @param _owner Permission owner
   * @param _delegatee Delegatee
   */
  function delegated(address _owner, address _delegatee) external view returns (uint256 permission);
}
```

### Metadata Interface

It is RECOMMENDED for compliant contracts to implement the optional extension `IEIP6366Meta`.

> SHOULD define a description for the base permissions and main combinaison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

SHOULD define a description for the base permissions and main combinaison.
```
Double new line to force a markdown new line

> SHOULD NOT define a description for every subcombinaison of permissions possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

SHOULD NOT define a description for every subcombinaison of permissions possible.
```

```solidity
interface IEIP6366Meta {
  /**
   * Structure of permission description
   * @param _permission Permission
   * @param _name Name of permission

>    * @param _description Description of permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * @param _permission Permission
   * @param _name Name of the permission
   * @param _description Description of the permission
```

   */
  struct PermissionDescription {
    uint256 permission;
    string name;
    string description;
  }

  /**
   * MUST trigger when description is updated.
   * @param _permission Permission
   * @param _name Name of permission

>    * @param _description Description of permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * MUST trigger when the description is updated.
   * @param _permission Permission
   * @param _name Name of the permission
   * @param _description Description of the permission
```

   */
  event UpdatePermissionDescription(uint256 indexed _permission, string indexed _name, string indexed _description);

  /**
   * Returns the name of the token - e.g. `"OpenPermissionToken"`.
   */
  function name() external view returns (string memory);

  /**
   * Returns the symbol of the token. E.g. `"OPT"`.
   */
  function symbol() external view returns (string memory);

  /**

>    * Return a description of a permission, at a given `_permission`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Returns the description of a given `_permission`.
```
I prefer it like that

   * @param _permission Permission
   */
  function getDescription(uint256 _permission) external view returns (PermissionDescription memory description);

  /**
   * Return `true` if the description was set otherwise return `false`. It MUST emit `UpdatePermissionDescription` event.
   * @param _permission Permission
   * @param _name Name of permission

>    * @param _description Description of permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * @param _name Name of the permission
   * @param _description Description of the permission
```

   */
  function setDescription(
    uint256 _permission,
    string memory _name,
    string memory _description
  ) external returns (bool success);
}
```

### Error Interface

SHOULD NOT expected `IEIP6366Error` interface was implemented.

```solidity
interface IEIP6366Error {
  /**

>    * Owner or actor do not have required permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The owner or actor does not have the required permission
```
